welcome official birds of prey TTT yeah
we also have some cool merch coming out
yeah we're playing to the best of our
ability the characters from the film yes
who are you I'm the Joker in the movie
but that's not how he is in the movie
that's cool actually orphan in the movie
oh my gosh oh God
someone explosion I can't tell if I was
lucky or not because you're good with
you are good good someone from the
lighthouse shot at me a second ago who's
died Michael died Michael's my boy it's
really not Michael really Nigel was
definitely well what are you you really
right now Michael Michael Ryan's
following me I'm stumped look I'm just
hanging out yeah I'm when you got there
if I die it's Ryan
I'm just trying to see here I'm trying
to see okay that means nothing to me
I just watched like it's coming okay
yeah but here when I watch anyway all
right Matt could I have the golden digue
I was yep you got the stun gun well you
could throw the stun gun
someone's healing
no listen there are two health stations
down here two of them Lindsey and I want
to heal myself really no at best your
baby way down how do you know you're bad
you're bad you're bad
Lindsey was bad what Matt I you got from
down here man I was up here at Ryan I
killed this okay
Lindsay was bad that was the mercenary I
don't look what is he what is he what is
he hang on I'm gonna die you're right
here
no go away all right so what's wrong we
had so he was innocent
in fairness rinsed when I mean I was I
know you want to say yeah I do
check the body weights just butyl left
you know why that's awesome that's what
it kills me
almost every time I met Jeremy even
though you were still bad I was furious
that you killed me until I realized I
know Fiona just painted you in my blood
Ryan was my target
it was Sasson not the best thing to do
to another chance I was like oh I'm
gonna go for it and then I didn't see
who my next yeah it was convinced you're
evil which is bad for me this round
doesn't I hero I uh who's not I didn't
even
test when you started shooting me cuz it
was like I was like who I'm playing this
well and then I got tased and thrown up
I brought it to you crowd woman OH
what are you thinking about iein what
did what no you're looking at that door
yeah I looked at the door I just keep
falling off ladders and what are you up
to in the corner watching about right
why me what give me what oh oh oh she's
giving me the golden deke oh thank you
afraid oh I'll be up here now thank you
very much thank you
I like giving the gun around cuz he uses
it ya know I'm willing to blast I'm
ready to party
Jeremy yeah you bad no you bad no last
time and said no sure wise it's true
what's happening that's all just stand
right here as not bad people don't want
to do that I don't trust that for a
second I'm shocked I'm not dead to be
honest no I don't think it's because you
don't want to kill yourself okay yeah
that's fine that's a real hello Jesus
oh really wipe me alright is anyone well
I was gonna say is anyone dead but
Alfredo no I'm here good okay Wow don't
add adjectives things someone's at the
top of the tower by the way it's me it's
me oh it's not me
Oh God I'm so sorry Oh
that was a mistake killed me if Jeremy
was bad I'm gonna kill him I didn't
shoot anybody it was the golden deed and
I just missed clicked I'm trying to
change weapon eat
I'm just went off I'm just thinking
Turing that Ryan hasn't shot anyone with
it yet because he's a train has you know
anything to shoot yeah but you're not
the kind of guy to have a you know stand
at the top of the castle in the middle
and still okay where's your is this you
I don't I don't like anything about what
you're saying Fiona I might have to take
right now I don't like you listen I know
you don't
Fiona you say that one more time I'm
gonna put you down if you are so willing
to kill someone
I haven't been willing to kill anyone
you're the one threatening you
I believe it because they definitely
watch the whole thing that boy oh boy
[Applause]
[Laughter]
instantly using the I called it yeah you
hit her with the boomerang and I was
like that's nice yeah what were you
Fiona I was innocent
no you were just a regular innocent yeah
the boomerang bounced off you didn't
kill you boomerang is brutal it's a
one-hit kill for any normal certainly
don't want vengeance for the last you
turned me into Moaning Myrtle right
there me do it don't make you do what
you're holding the grenade yeah what do
you think I mean here we go let's do
this Lindsay's down there hunting hold
watching run walks down there yeah this
is where you betray me
Fiona who's your favorite of birds of
prey character yeah pretty good
good choice love her she's pretty great
love her she goes like whoa
what you doing no one's gonna win I hate
you don't know that yet
no one's gonna win this [__] back
up cause he's killing me going up
Barbara Hey our friends are dying
Michael because it's through Grenada
self-defense was it what you do I hit a
button oh well I heard bullets uh afraid
Oh was what they say Fiona I'm gonna
assume you're you're good because you
could have killed me that entire time
also had among the last thing I saw near
Fredo wasn't quite shoot so I'm gonna
say Ryan it's probably a shoot on kill
once again okay most the time you do
kill Jeremy just trust me don't go into
the bathroom at me no I'm not bad
who's Ryan's partner who's Ryan's
partner in crime someone died Lindsay
may be dead I saw the shadow it's
upstairs cause he stole the tower he's
healing up there what you talking about
[Music]
Wow in the hair you did thank God for
body armor someone's right oh that's a
discombobulated er that's good got that
healing back on where are you Jeremy I
was that wasn't Shane that whoever threw
that incendiary missed I did throw it in
Cindy oh [__] he's up there oh we should
not be there then because I think he is
a sniper I don't I don't think he does
I've heard m60 was the other bad one by
the way
I'm just gonna do this not you know burn
that body up real good
good that's good move
that's good move okay he's up there that
was a good good you took your eyes off
the ball I died I really missed up that
discombobulate oh it is Fiona okay
that's a shame
hey stop he lit up there what are you're
the killer I watched your wiggle my body
- oh I like I'm sorry I love to live in
a world where idiot Lindsay says it's
self-defense he threw a grenade at me
because they threw the grenade because
she shot me five and then she went
self-defense I'm gonna kill him I just
became innocent and I'm up here with you
and it scares me fine I'm gonna get
blasted in - sure anyway I'm looking at
people's karma in the corner oh sure
mine's amazing well uh yeah Lindsay's is
not great Lindsay's karma leaves a
little I wanted to shoot before I died I
just said I want to shoot Michael are
you safe what does that mean oh I'm just
this thing open don't don't don't what
the hell just happened you know what the
hell just happened
are you trying to kill me no I didn't
wanna okay that's so true we tried to
kill me oh wow
Wow Wow Wow if I had better ancient
warriors faster that's crazy
whoa stop shooting I'm the detective
careful you're going to take me out with
that dude oh my god I'm watching a
burger semi prove to me that you didn't
do that where is it up in the lighthouse
[Music]
oh [__] I should not have other one in
Fiona yes assessment of evil Fiona stop
staring in corners like a weirdo I'm not
trying to
why is Jeremy hurt who shot her head
Fiona shot me up top Oh
Jeremy's bad she shot could be a killer
again Jeremy's bad Jeremy please I
smoked bombed out of their cover I'm
sorry they're not at the tower cuz
that's where I'm at I'm telling you
Jeremy's yeah it came from tower word
Michel is all I'm up here Howard so
maybe it was like lower Jerry's bad
Fiona you alive she's killing she's out
there Keota Jeremy your bed Ryan why it
came from toilets that or is it you it's
not me
what I believe in you w probably you
okay it is you I damnit it's Michael I
don't think it's I miss did you shoot me
right weird I know not like this [__] oh
yeah use him to kill me you're better
save bad what does that mean that sounds
like Lindsay's dead are you like trying
to be I'm not trying to do anything I'm
not doing anything you're accusing me
sweet why do I trust you that on the
money right there was no one else alive
it was you at that point
Jeremy and Fiona were being quiet I just
I should I really don't want Matt to hit
her with that either golden geese
farting hey Matt you good Matt yeah
what's up Brian I didn't do nothing
I didn't poo nothing damn that's right
oh I know I just saw her leave shot at
me yeah that was right up however he
might be a jester so I'm taking the
dirty boy don't running with them I'm
not going to detect them I don't there's
only one left and then I don't know what
the hell is is she could still be an
evil burning hold on Jeremy's definitely
in there
[Music]
[Laughter]
because the round started I was yelling
about how bad is luck as I need to
figure out what this button does all
right Fredo bow is a [__] such an early
giveaway why'd you do that what's HAP it
was a real quick gesture Swampert see
you over there
not patrol you're standing in one place
stationary Patrol have you ever seen
Buckingham palace guards they're not
patrolling now they are told me man it
will soothe me
I watched it go down no I didn't I walk
down the hallway that's ready all right
well I shot Matt out of a barnacle which
may or may not be a good thing I've held
well Fiona's dead yep Jeremy are you
good yes
can I trust you yes this is gonna kill
me whoo-hoo I mean they're saying that
that's yours in that barnacle turn back
I'm gonna use it apparently we're still
not really sure about the barnacle logic
well Jeremy's dead good job what
happened proud of you afraid of how'd
you win oh he killed Jeremy how did you
the cost one he just killed himself shot
me to Jesus
okay look I'm Ewan McGregor I had to use
these powers Matt great beyond
Jeremy blasted someone that was over
there to kill Oh because the other
golden be blast I don't know someone
that was at the Lighthouse I guess don't
please don't push me again or stab Oh
which of you is bad you just you two and
Lizzie took a shot at me from behind
Lindsey Alfredo what tweren't me you
shot at me oh wow I would think so Wow
Wow what's going down over there oh yeah
yeah he was bad that was a poor choice
on his part then
whoa trying to like shoot in between
your deflections is difficult Lindsey is
just taking shots at me this whole fight
damn right now like I have lost visual
ma'am let me target remains at all right
here we go
I hear you that was delicious I
unfortunately domed her again such
[__] come out
Alfredo whoa thanks for coming to visit
hi what's up what's the plan get better
what Oh detective detective alright
relax okay I'm not relaxed just calm
down
nothing relaxing about this Oh we'll
take care of this problem whoa he's
across the way okay you're the Jester
okay yes we'll take care of this problem
together okay are you the Jester
Michael's coming though he's come shoot
I'm Lindsay not Ryan I'm trying shot
that deflection man the force push was
really my that's what that's what killed
me at the end that exactly the ninety
health you knocked me down to 20 almost
killed me I put it down and walk the
foot for it I was like oh it's right
those eight people
goddamn I shouldn't have saved it but
also I then I pulled out the gold indeed
blasted Lindsay cuz I saw her in that
lighthouse sure did and like I shot her
and everyone's like he shot someone he
shot someone like he's like I just got
shot but never was like he was like Al
never was like it must remain the radio
no
yes I realized I had nothing to say I
thought you're gonna ask me for farting
golden deagle oh that's a great I can't
buy it
I bought the taste good oh gee Maude I
really know I really thought I was gonna
get Lindsey like I thought she was bad I
don't do Lindsay Garrett innocent person
and you'd be trusted someone just drop
worse Alfredo you're also worse jester I
heard she was over here in her body
there she goes she shot my eldest night
meet Michael it was a snipe who's the
detective Michael and what's nice I wish
to triva your body and I got sniped that
sounds like an alfredo thing that's a I
was a Fiona level shot I'm a detective
don't try to pull that well she's a
detective so what is somewhere following
me
it's Jeremy no no I just have a magneto
stick I just chopped her head blue I
don't believe you look my way what I'll
show you my weapons this okay this looks
bad for Jeremy I understand this people
keep talking around me I don't know
what's happening
I am bisciotti and I am oh so it's
alfredo and Jeremy it's definitely well
I mean right you're bad I'm bad
[Laughter]
the track is so much happening but
Alfred did the exact same thing I did
which is funny he murdered me then tried
to eat me but accidentally called the
detective to my body started eating me
and then he went and a teleporter and
everything I was gonna run away at some
point
Oh what were you remark yeah I'm
detective Mike Oh Mike oh yeah what
Beauty come on I'm detective come on
think about what we could become your
bet not bad you're bad Michael hi this
is me
you were just fast it's me you've been
bad when you got a deke yeah this is
deep in something else okay
hey goober came at me what what do you
want I need some I don't have anything
to give you you ought to know I killed
man hey Michael Ryan is definitely the
killer he's up there Oh Mike Oh give me
the cold I'm not a killer
you always do that killer I can't you're
always trying to kill me oh yeah all
right Michael create Goldie's you're not
listening I can't tell me with this
which way did he go we have to kill it
[Music]
you hear me yeah I'm bog saracen i-right
away indeed but my collect doesn't have
it okay I know it was innocent
based on Ryan's past experience he's
trying to shoot me and I defended myself
Ryan is the traitor not out hunting for
blood like Fiona Lindsay what are you
innocent again hello hardly [__] okay
hi with a silver spoon kill Ryan if I
find in my will but I can't so I shan't
well Fiona let's look what you're not
worried about Ryan let's worry about of
being a traitor you are a traitor it has
happened multiple times
Jonah no one no one thinks it isn't Ryan
yes you are absolutely right okay
alright fine just becomes a matter of
knowing we're all right and whoever won
is Matt's here Matt is awesome pretty
sure my compete reott would hurry up
already wink wink nudge nudge
why is it Lindsay Ryan Lindsay's out
there that tower I mean it could be
Lindsay picking her shot and not taking
it if you take me out this is gonna go
bad Fiona are you jazz you're right
behind me in real life might be a
gesture I was in the middle of the tower
she's in the window she's going
downstairs
unless she shot me and it oh she missed
but I feel like she
all right lindsay has been liquidated
she was innocent Jeremy's dead Jeremy's
dead
well he's not talking Oh sounds like
Ryan's dead which is fascinating all
around
that was my first mistake that killed
Lindsay damn way down here can you come
down there I tell you what I knew it was
you
yeah I can come down here well Splunk
guys know I'd do anything to you Fiona
yeah what No yeah come up here go up
here I'm not going down there there's
somebody else left alive yeah yeah that
would be great cuz I am the assassin
somebody's coming oh boy hey that hurts
that really hurts a lot where's yet
where's the at right over there yeah
what Ryan yeah yeah let's go up here
I'll put down the health thank you
I burning them Wow burning him real good
me real good
oh yeah that's good oh and I almost just
killed myself too you should do it oh
yeah that's great
you should try it oh wow that's him bad
I was too close yeah yeah watch out for
that
Oh can't I can't suck on this anymore
tail over there alright right I know I'm
the weaker one I'll sacrifice to find
him okay sacrifice yourself where'd he
go
oh there's fire over there I threw it
you burn me real good he might have gone
up up stop up top I'll tell you where he
is he's right under you is he under me
no yeah I got a radar oh you too that's
Louie he was down there
damn you let me yeah he's going wait no
what he's right here I worried I did it
which downstairs were you not there
Michael let me tell you something else
that made that hard for me I really
thought it was Lindsay again so I shot
her in the head she was the swapper
became innocent and never told you Matt
ran up the ladder flew off the ladder
off as you are getting
I just felt like it was just like try
and put it down and hope I could kill
him definitely the gesture how Fritos in
the chest three just ready to kill us
bones I do smoke I don't he didn't say
anything unfortunately there was a name
in there
he went get that boy yeah Alfredo's
dancing on the things that means Michael
no you're the Bickle Michael's a sniping
me from the lighthouse because I didn't
want you to kill me I wasn't doing
nothing you're in the sniper tower and
now you're dead and now he all haunted
me so that's unfortunate
oh nice Ryan I just did Oh oh my
goodness you shot it
listen I may be a killer I'm not a
killer okay I was doing the same thing
Ryan was doing I just shot before he did
oh oh no he's dead so if I die Ryan
halfback you say afraid of who is
shooting at me Fiona no it's not me I
didn't shoot all my ammo ammo we can't
count oh god he's such a better shot
than me it wasn't
Fiona so it was Lindsay Jerry got killed
you think Jeremy killed Jeremy okay no
I'm just wondering if when he died it
had to be Alfredo
so I'm saying Oprah is an amazing shot
and you trying to kill me all right I
don't
no wait okay how do we talk about the oh
my god talk about this I'm alive yeah
why are you alive that means something
bad happen stop stop okay look what was
tested I'm no happy - Michael how did he
die that fact yeah I took him out nice
you took out my life your bag yes oh we
are all bad except for okay good
excellent
I did a destroy across the river but he
was gonna shoot me I did a head and shot
you at all I'd done nothing I'd say
thought you were gonna and I didn't
though I mean but listen if two people
are aiming and you think someone's gonna
shoot shoot first prey merch coming out
January 23rd go get your March the Joker
got what was coming to him is right like
we're it it's all about the women now
[Music]